As a github site user, I want to see the new layout in the new site plan on the homepage
As a member of the development team, I need finalized personas of our end-users that will inform the development process and decision-making.
As a team we need a process for getting regular feedback from agency users.
As a github site viewer, I need to know what the different pieces of the data act implementation are and how I can get to them
As a github site user, I need to understand what the data broker is and how it works (content)
As a github site user, I want to see a consistent branding for fedspendingtransparency.github.io and the data broker
As a member of the public, I want to understand Treasury's process for DATA Act implementation (write content)
As a data creator (data owner or agency developer), I need to know how I will be involved in the DATA act development
As an open beta website user, I want to see regular updates on the progress of DATA Act implementation so that I can stay up to date
As a github site user, I want to see a logo for the DATA Act, so that I understand which communications are from the DATA act implementation team at large.
As a agency data creator/sandbox tester, I need to be able to inform the sprint process
As an agency data creator, I need to be able to view information on the reporting specification on fedspendingtransparency.github.io so that I can understand the distinction between the RSS and DAIMS
As a member of the public I want to understand Treasury's process
As a github site user, I want to understand how user engagement is informing the DATA Act implementation.
As a github site user, I want to see the graphic/timeline of DATA act implementation on the homepage
As an Open Beta site user, I want to see some options for how the aggregate data, award level data, and transactional data will be displayed together on the site so that I can provide feedback
As a CFO, I want to see a visualization of the SBA procurement data, so that I can understand what insights I can glean from the new information reported under the DATA act
As an OpenBeta user, I want to see examples of parameter calls for the API. 
As a github site user, I want to see the graphic/timeline of DATA act implementation on the homepage
As a member of the public I want to understand Treasury's process (move content to staging site and review)
As a github site user, I want to understand how user engagement is informing the DATA Act implementation.
As a github site user, I need to understand what the data broker is and how it works
As a github site user, I want to see the chosen DATA act logo on the site instead of the Treasury logo
As an agency user, I need an email confirmation (or denial) when I request an account in the broker
As a data creator, I need clarity on what button to click to send my data to USA Spending.
As a data creator, I want a clear signal that my data has passed validation so I can submit my data with confidence.
As a data creator, I want to see a more helpful error listing display in the Data Broker wireframes so I can assess and correct my errors more easily.
As a data creator, I want to see the download error file upload corrected files and download all buttons more easily in the Data Broker wireframes.
As a public user, I need to be able to see more years of contracts data on OpenBeta.
As a citizen I want to understand the connection between Open Beta and the GitHub site.
As an open beta user, I want to see and comment on the wireframes created in PUB-17
As an OpenBeta user, I want to receive email notifications when my comment has been responded to by the admin. 
As github visitor, i want to better understand the difference between the github site and open Beta.
As an agency user, I need to see helpful, contextual prose on the broker pages (instead of Latin)
As a user of openbeta, I need to see the Contract Award Summary wireframes in openbeta (production)
As a user of openbeta, I need a simplified sitemap to better focus my attention
As a user of openbeta, I need to see engaging content on the homepage to help me understand what openbeta is
As an agency developer, I need to better understand what is included in the Alpha Broker release
As a public user, I need to be able to see more years of grants data on OpenBeta.
As an agency data submitter, I need to be able to enter in meta-information about my submission, including agency and period I'm reporting for
As an agency data submitter, I need to know how I will generate and submit my FPDS extract to the broker
As an agency data submitter, I need to be able to pause and resume downloads
As a public user, I want to see more links to OpenBeta on USAspending.gov 
As an Agency user, I want to provide feedback on the wireframes for the future Data Broker.
As UX designer, I need a script that outlines the wireframe usability test plan for our current sprint.
As an agency user I need to see the US Web design standards on the data broker
As a sandbox tester, I need to see my feedback integrated into the broker wireframes
As a member of the PUB team, I need an environment for the openbeta refresh created
As a user I need to be able to see header errors when uploading .csv files.
As an agency user I need to see the US Web design standards on the data broker - placeholder to help the broker team
As a developer I need updated designs of the Data Broker. Pages/assets include: File upload blocks,  warning/error report and Review & Publish page. 
As an Agency user, I want to provide feedback on the wireframes for the future Data Broker.
As a user of openbeta, I need to see engaging content on the homepage to help me understand what openbeta is (Implement wireframe)
As an external stakeholder, I need to know where and how I can submit user stories so that I can submit highly actionable feedback
As a new open beta team member, I want to discuss the Grants and Contracts Explorer applications in the updated published site so that I can plan and configure the apps accordingly to be optimized for the new site
As a new open beta team member, I want to review the current wireframes/mockups with the design Team so that I can begin to develop scope and LOE requirements for the updated Open Beta site
As a new open beta developer, I want to review the current wireframes/mockups for the updated OpenBeta site so that I can develop and document questions and feedback and for the team
As an open beta user, I need to give feedback on the concepts
As a github site user, I need to see regular updates to the content on the github site
As a data creator, I need to access help content on the data broker that is organized and searchable so I can easily find the information I need.
As a developer of openbeta, I need mockups of the refresh
As a member of the public, I want to give feedback on the contract award wireframes 
As a gov stakeholder, I need an explanation and documentation for DATA act's design process
As an Agency user, I want to provide feedback on the wireframes for the future Data Broker.
As a developer of the Open Beta site, I want to create a high-level estimate of work required for the development of the refreshed Open Beta Site so that I can plan for development and release cycles.
As a developer of the Open Beta site, I want to create an initial timeline for the refreshed Open Beta site based on the estimate of work so that I can coordinate the development and project management teams.
As a developer of OpenBeta, I need mockups with the latest additions
As a member of the public, I want to give feedback on the contract award wireframes 
As an open beta user, I want to see wireframes of the homepage so I can comment on them.
As a data creator, I want to give feedback on the alpha broker using realistic data.
As a developer of OpenBeta, I need Google Analytics on the current USAspending.gov to develop wireframes for the Home Page and for Search. 
As a developer of the Open Beta Site, I want to develop a solutions architecture plan, so that my team can plan and strategize the development of the Open Beta website
As a user of the Open Beta Site, I want to see a uniform footer across OB pages so that I can Navigate USA Spending Resources across all pages
As a user of the Open Beta Site, I want to see a uniform header across OB pages so that I can Navigate USA Spending Resources across all pages
As an agency user, I want to see consistent information in the Broker Help page and the RSS/IDD Practices and Procedures artifact.
As a member of the public, I want to see the Data Model page updated for Schema v1.0 artifacts, including RSS v1.0
As an agency user, I want to see revised information on Data Submission page on Max.gov that reflects changes for the RSS 1.0 and Alpha broker release.
As an OpenBeta user, I want to see wireframes of Search Results page
As a developer of OpenBeta, I need image assets created.
As a Pub site user, I need to see categories of results in the Search Results wireframes
As a beta user, I want to see how we spend money on different categories
As a beta user, I want to be able to browse the data from the homepage
As a data creator, I want buttons and functions to be named consistently and system requirements to be clearly communicated. [Add to Alpha]
As an agency data submitter, I want to be able to see the period a particular submission pertains to in the dashboard 
As a data creator, I want the Data Broker home screen to succinctly inform me of what the Broker will do  and how I should prepare my files.
As a data consumer, I want less clutter related to spending categories on the contract award summary page.
As a data consumer, I want to see certain numbers at-a-glance in the contract award summary.
As a recipient (contractor), I want to see socioeconomic factors of recipient and sub-awardees in the award summary screen.
As a beta user, I want to discover content on the homepage that's not map related
As a data creator, I want to give feedback on the wireframes.