As Admin I'm able to import Event Records			
Import data into Postgres.			
Write and validate data import script.			
Analyse CSV export files.			
Create core database structure.			
Configure Heroku hosting environment.			
Server configuration en database migration			
As a Visitor	 I'm able to navigate the site through the site wide footer menu so that I can always quickly open the page I'm looking for.		
As a Visitor	 I'm able to navigate the site through the site wide top menu so that I can always quickly open the page I'm looking for.		
As a Visitor	 I'm able to navigate the site through site wide navigation menus so that I can always quickly open the page I'm looking for.		
Add Static Pages Controller to application and define static pages.			
Add Static Pages Controller to application and define static pages.			
As an Administrator	 I receive an email when a contact form is sent so that I can respond to it.		
As a Visitor	 I am able to use the contact form so that I can contact the administrator.		
As a Visitor	 I am able to use the contact form	 so that I can contact the administrator.	
As an Administrator	 I'm able to ban a particular User so that he/she has no longer access to the site with the provided email address.		
As an Administrator	 I'm able to completely remove a User from the site so that the account is no longer available.		
As an Administrator	 I can edit the details of a User.		
As an Administrator	 I see the criteria that I searched on highlighted in the result records so that I can more easily see why a particular User matches my search.		
As an Administrator	 I'm able to search through the list of Users so that I can more easily find a particular User.		
As an Administrator	 I'm able to see a list of active Users registered with the site so that I can manage the Users.		
As an Administrator	 I receive an email notification when a new User is registered so that I know who is registered.		
As an Administrator I'm able to manage Users.			
As a User I am able to set a new password	 so that I can login.		
As a User	 I can request a password reset so that I am still able to login whenever I forgot my password.		
As a User	 I'm able to logout so that other Users of my device don't have access to my private account.		
As a User	 I'm automatically logged out after 10 minutes or more of inactivity so that my account stays secure.		
As a User	 I can login using my email address and password	 so that I get access to the User -only features of the website.	
As a newly registered User	 I receive an email with an account activation link so that I can confirm the correctness of my email address.		
As a Visitor	 I can register myself with the site so that I'm able to contribute.		
As a Visitor	 I can register myself with the site	 so that I'm able to contribute.	
As an Administrator	 I'm able to delete an existing event so that its removed from the overview.		
As an Administrator	 I'm able to edit an existing event so that I can update the contents.		
As an Administrator I'm able to add a new event so that its shown in the list of events.			
As an Administrator	 I'm able to manage the list of events so that I can keep the events section up to date.		
As a Visitor	 I'm able to see a list of events so that I can stay up to date on ABC-related events.		
As a Visitor	 I'm able to see a list of events so that I can stay up to date on ABC-related events.		
As an Administrator	 I'm able to delete an existing news item so that its removed from the overview.		
As an Administrator I'm able to edit an existing news item	 so that I can update the contents._		
As an Administrator	 I'm able to add a new news item	 so that its shown in the overview of news items.	
As an Administrator I'm able to manage the list of news items	 so that I can keep the news section up to date.		
As a Visitor	 I'm able to see a list of news items	 so that I can stay up to date on ABC news.	
As a Visitor	 I'm able to see a list of news items	 so that I can stay up to date on ABC news.	
As an Administrator I'm able to remove existing media elements of a particular gallery so that I can keep the album up to date.			
As an Administrator	 I'm able to edit existing media elements of a particular gallery so that I can update the content.		
As an Administrator	 I'm able to add new media elements to the select gallery.		
As an Administrator	 I'm able to delete an existing album so that its removed from the media gallery.		
As an Administrator	 I'm able to edit the information of an existing album so that I can update it.		
As an Administrator	 I'm able to add a new album.		
As an Administrator	 I'm able to manage the media gallery	 so that I can add or remove content.	
As a Visitor	 I'm able to view textual information on the selected media element.		
As a Visitor	 I'm able to navigate through the album so that I can view all media elements.		
As a Visitor	 I'm able to select a album so that I can view the media in the album.		
As a Visitor	 I'm able to navigate back to the media categories		
As a Visitor	 I'm able to see an overview of available albums within the select category so that I can select a particular album.		
As a Visitor	 I'm able to see an overview of available categories so that I can select a particular category.		
As a Visitor	 I'm able to view the media gallery	 so that I can see interesting photo's about the Event Region.	
As an Administrator	 I'm able to delete content (which a user added) from a person's profile page.		
As an Administrator I receive an email notification each time content is added	 so that I know what content has been added.		
As a User	 I'm able to delete content (which I added) from a person's profile page	 so that I remove information that I no longer want to share.	
As a User	 I'm able to edit the content that I added from a person's profile page	 to update the information.	
As a User	 I'm able to add a description to a person's profile page.		
As a User	 I'm able to add an audio fragment (Soundcloud link) to a person's profile page.		
As a User	 I'm able to add an video (YouTube	 Vimeo link) to a person's profile page.	
As a User	 I'm able to add an image to a person's profile page.		
As a User	 I'm able to add text to a person's profile page.		
As a User	 I'm able to add content to the selected profile.		
As a Visitor	 I'm able to close the selected profile so that I can return to the search results or homepage.		
As a Visitor	 I'm able to navigate to the next and previous profile so that I can easily scan through the search results.		
As a Visitor	 I'm able to see who (display name) added the content and when so that I know more about the contributor of the content.		
As a Visitor	 I'm able to view the added stories (if any) on the profile page so that I can learn more about the person.		
As a Visitor	 I'm able to open a larger view of the map so that I can better understand where the person is positioned.		
As a Visitor	 I'm able to see a map of the event plot so that I know where the person has been positioned.		
As a Visitor	 I'm able to open the interactive map from the person's profile page so that I know the location of the person's event plot.		
As a Visitor	 I'm able to view the general information of a person	 so that I can learn more about an individual's event on Event Region.	
As a Visitor	 I'm able to view the profile of a particular person	 so that I can identify that person and add additional content to their profile.	
As an Administrator	 I'm able to delete an existing person in the event of relocation.		
As an Administrator	 I'm able to edit an existing person so that I can correct any mistakes.		
As an Administrator	 I'm able to add a new person to the ABC database.		
As an Administrator	 I'm able to manage people	 so that I can add	 edit or delete profiles.
As a Visitor	 I see the criteria that I searched on highlighted in the result records	 so that I can more easily see why a particular person matched my search.	
As a Visitor	 I'm able to review key information of all found people	 so that I have an indication of the person's details.	
As a Visitor	 I'm able to order the search results	 so that I can more easily review the results.	
As a Visitor	 I'm able to search for people in the ABC database.		
As a Visitor	 I choose to search either adults of infants.		
As a Visitor	 I'm able to search for people in the ABC database	 so that I can review the profiles of the positioned people.	
As a User	 I'm able to open the interactive map from a person's profile page	 so that I can see that particular plot location.	
As a User	 I'm able to click a particular plot location from the map and thereby perform a search of people associated with that plot number.		
As a User	 I'm able to view an interactive map of the Event Region	 so that I can view intact mass event locations listed by plot #.	
As a User	 I'm able to view an interactive map of the Event Region	 so that I can find event locations.	
As a Visitor	 I'm able to click on a person's profile card	 so that I can open their profile page.	
As a Visitor	 I'm shown random cards of people with User added content.		
As a Visitor	 I'm shown random cards naming people positioned on Event Region since 1980 presented by first name	 surname	 age and a ticking clock.
As a Visitor	 I'm able to view the ABC experience homepage	 so that I can learn about Event Region.	
As a Visitor	 I'm able to view the ABC experience homepage	 so that I can learn about the Event Region.	
As a Visitor	 I'm able to continue to the ABC experience homepage.		
As a Visitor	 I'm first presented ABC introduction or animation.		
As a Visitor	 I'm able to view the ABC introduction	 so that I get engaged.	
